We'll come back in this video we are going to install pite charm and PI charm is an IEEE which stands
for Integrated Development Environment and it allows us to develop with Python in a slightly different
way than Jupiter notebooks to us.
So so far we have used chip in our notebooks because it's very awesome.
In order to learn Python and display stuff straight away and also have all of these very beautiful text
messages just below and above a code bracket or code piece.
And now we're going to go ahead and use pi charms so you can just check out more Google PI and download
or just get used to the link that I provide in this lecture.
So what you need to do is you need to download the community version.
Of course you could use a professional version if you want to go ahead and really use D-y charm professionally
but it will cost you something so you need to apply for it and stuff like that.
So the one that we're going to use is the community one so just press download and download the file.
And as you can see now getting this DNG file this disk image and once that download is done I'm going
to start the installation by the way you can also give them some information about you and while you
can get some information via e-mail by Giedd brains.
So they're pretty pro and they can give you some advice maybe or at least they can send you some information
which could be interesting to you.
All right so I'm just going to agree with Jed brains to using cookies.
And once that is done here I'm going to start.
All right.
So now it's done and in my case I'm going to download DDM or install the DMG file.
If you are the windows of course you must have downloaded the X file and install that right and there
we are.
So now I have the white charm here I go to select it and it will start the installation process.
Now it says it's downloaded from the internet and I'm going to.
Well trust Brandt's.
So I'm going to press a pen now.
Ask me whether I would like to import something.
So if you have any configuration files from another installation that you ever used then you can of
course use that or you can just say computer do not import settings.
Then we need to read through the license agreement.
And once you're done with that you can accept it and you can decide whether you want to share data or
not.
I'm a German are going to share data at all.
Of course you would help those guys out so if something goes wrong and they will be able to help you
out so you can use to keep them scheme in my case I can choose between the one for Mac OS or the one
that is default for all platforms and I'm just going to use that one.
So if I use other versions like the Windows version then stuff will be a little different.
So then I can choose the UI theme.
So the light one and dark one.
So you can choose whether you want to have the bright and light one or the Dark One.
So I have seen multiple preferences.
Some of my students prefer dark.
Others prefer the light version and I've heard that some people have problems with a dark version so
we're viewing that version.
I'm just going to use the light version here.
All right so the next.
And here you can you create a launcher script.
And I'm just going to say next feature plug ins.
And here you can add other languages support and there as you can see idea of them Mark downburst support
and Arling support.
And we're going to need neither of them so we're just going to say start using pi charm and that will
then finally open up part charme where we see this welcome screen where we can go ahead and create a
new project and that's what I'm going to say create new project.
And here I can decide where I would like to store the files.
So under in my case then is Python projects and untied.
So this will be the name of my file and I'm going to call that Petrum crawler PI charm crawler.
And here I want to click on this project interpretor or you should click on it and you can choose which
environment you want to use or which pretty much which interpreter you want to use.
And you could of course go ahead and use the new environment use using.
So you could use to the virtual environment or you use an existing interpreter and there you need to
choose an icon the end here and can choose Konda environment.
And there I need to select Anaconda so I need to find a folder where I had Anaconda installed.
And here I select users.
Then my username and an account or three.
So that's where the condos installed then been you will find the and folder or the python file that
we want to use.
So just scroll down to the point where you have a hyphen.
So just select the python app here and then press OK.
And now we can press ok again.
And as you can see the interpreter will now be Python 3.6.
So our Anaconda 3 then python app and now compressed create.
So that will do is it will create my new project and here I'll have plenty of tips of the day.
You can of course show them and they will constantly give you good tips on how to use a tool or you
can deactivate them.
All right.
And then it will take a little while because it's going to scan the installed packages and I'm going
to say don't give me any tips and close it and then just wait until it's done.
So as you can see there's a little bar here and it is indexing currently.
And once that is done you can go ahead and use pie charm.
All right.
Now that my installation is done and the preparation is done we have the whole project now.
So you can see this is my project here charme crawler.
And currently there are no files in there and that's what we are going to check out in the next video.
So see you there.